Hahahaha emergency collection
gather quickly
Miss He will be here soon
Stand up and listen to me
From now on, the sales department will be completely shut down
Only welcome the eldest lady alone
a while
you
You personally lead the team to the gate to meet the eldest lady
Make sure he feels at home
We are one and the same
Kill them all now
Miss's preference to decorate
So the most comfortable
The most luxurious
career
The widest one must be for the eldest lady to stay
Sister Jia at home is neatly arranged
The surrounding villas are not crowded
Be sure to ensure that the eldest lady has a comfortable rest
What are you waiting for?
Let's move!
Hurry up hurry up
This Liu Guan is quite a week of wheat
Hey wait a minute
We're not open today.
Don't delay our welcome of distinguished guests here
What are the distinguished guests talking to him?
A takeaway
Push your motorcycle away now
Save disturbing our eldest lady
I am the eldest lady
The person you are going to greet is me and you.
Look at the clothes and look at the temperament
This is what we want to welcome the eldest lady
scram